update financing doc (#414)
whopio/whop-sdk-ts: apps/docs/payments/financing.mdx

- **Marketing & Telemarketing:** Telemarketing companies (fax blasting, email spamming, prize-with-purchase schemes), negative response marketing, search engine optimization (SEO) services, call centers, and answering services.  

- **Subscription & Service-Based Restrictions:** Discount travel clubs or subscriptions, magazine subscriptions, video rental services, timeshares or fractional ownership, real estate brokers, agencies, consultants or lessors, property managers, and contracted management services.  

- **Miscellaneous High-Risk Businesses:** Government organizations, non-profits, charitable or religious organizations, social networking sites, sports forecasting, flea markets, fortune telling, astrology, horoscopes, mining, farming, energy generation or distribution, logistics and freight forwarding, liquidation companies, manufactured or mobile home dealers, massage services, future service liability greater than one year, and products or services with unreasonable guarantees or claims.  

> *If you’re unsure whether your product or service is eligible for financing, please contact Whop support before setting up financing.*   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*If you’re unsure whether your product or service is eligible for financing, please contact Whop support before applying for financing*   
```
